feat(docs): use job=cadvisor label consistently (#1810)
grafana/agent: docs/user/operator/custom-resource-quickstart.md

      app.kubernetes.io/name: kubelet
```

> These two ServiceMonitors configure Agent to scrape all the Kubelet and cAdvisor endpoints in your Kubernetes cluster (one of each per Node). In addition, they define a `job` label, which is `kubelet` and `cadvisor` respectively, to match the label values used in various Grafana Kubernetes Dashboards, and allowlists a core set of Kubernetes metrics to reduce remote metrics usage. If you don't need this allowlist, you may omit it, however note that your metrics usage will increase significantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two ServiceMonitors configure Agent to scrape all the Kubelet and cAdvisor endpoints in your Kubernetes cluster (one of each per Node). In addition, they define a `job` label, which is `integrations/kubernetes/kubelet` and `integrations/kubernetes/cadvisor` respectively, to match the label values used in Grafana Cloud's Kubernetes integration. They also allowlist a core set of Kubernetes metrics to reduce remote metrics usage. If you don't need this allowlist, you may omit it, however note that your metrics usage will increase significantly.

> **Note:** You can omit the `integrations/kubernetes/` prefix (so set the `job` label to just `cadvisor` or `kubelet`) to align with the OSS kubernetes-mixin default `job` labels. You can also modify these `job` selectors [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-monitoring/kubernetes-mixin/blob/master/config.libsonnet#L21). 
```
